So now that we have made a comment that this is going to be services responsive we're the first thing
that I'm going to say this is going to be media and I'm going to say screen and we're going to say and
you know we're here we're going to say this is going to be men with.
Right.
So the moment it's actually bigger and 576 576 pixels and or hair curly braces and then on here we're
going to say this is going to be services right.
And that's going to be the actual day of that and Kappel encapsulates all Center here.
And then over here we're going to write this play and we're going to say flex.
So now that we have this we can say this.
And over here let's go and check out what we have right.
So if we refresh rate and this is what's going to happen.
Now all of them are all here side by side like this right now that's not a big problem because we know
how to fix it.
Right.
So first of all we're going to say is that we would want a flex wrap on here X wrap and we're going
to say Rapparee right.
So now we're going to have a flex ramp refresh.
Right now I can see it right away.
They're actually wrapping to a different page.
And what we also right away would want is justified content and space between.
And because we want to push them once we're actually going to actually make them smaller even when they're
smaller.
We want them to actually push away from each other.
And then after that we would want to target a service.
So here I'm going to say like this this is going to be service here and what should happen.
So for the smaller screens you would want a flex here 0 0 or here again we're going to say caulk and
then we're going to say 50 percent.
And now this is really up to you what kind of margins you would want in between.
Right.
So let's just change that.
I'm going to say what he aims just to show that any kind of values you can use over here.
Right.
Again we don't want them to grow we don't want them to shrink and or here we're going to say that calque
right this is going to be the flex bases.
And now that we added a flex basis right now we can see how they would look like.
Right.
And I can see that they are actually side by side.
And now what we would want to do is we would want to keep this on the 576 right.
But once we go to bigger screen right we would want them actually three of them side by side.
So how are we going to do that.
We're going to go back over here to a different media query.
Right so we can just grab this guy over here select so select or here starting from this line we're
going to select it and copy and paste this in or here we're going to have media screened and knowledge
change this guy over here to 972 972 and then allegedly these guys over here read the first one because
we already have the rover services center.
And let's just change these values around and we're going to say we're here thirty three point let's
say three or.
Right.
So I'm saying this one here and once we refresh here this is what should happen right.
So now we have three of them over here right.
Looking like this.
Right.
And this is this is how we can actually work with them right to actually place them in exactly a center.
Three of them side by side right.
So what's going to happen if I make the smaller one over here.
Right now I can see now they're going home like this right.
If they're going to go back to maigre right now they're going to be three of them side by side.